FONTLOG for the Calistoga font

This file provides detailed information on Calistoga Font Software. 
This information should be distributed along with the Calistoga font 
and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Calistoga is a Unicode typeface family that supports languages 
that use the Latin script and its variants, and could be expanded 
to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release partially supports the following 
codepages: Latin-1, Latin-2, Turkish, Windows Baltic

The following Unicode ranges have some support: Basic Latin, Latin 1 Supplement, Extended Latin-A, Extended Latin-B, IPA extensions, Spacing Modiier letters, Greek, Latin Extended Additional, General Puctuation, Currency Symbols, Letterlike Symbols, Mathematical Operators, Geometric Shapes, Alphabetic presentation foms


There are three source files:

1. CalistogaOne.vfb Original Source Files with 
   contour overlaps

2. CalistogaOne.UFO Original Source Files with 
   contour overlaps

3. Calistoga.otf PostScript Merged outlines OTF-CFF font.

To contribute to the project contact Eben Sorkin at sorkineben@gmail.com

ChangeLog

4 February 2015 (Eben Sorkin) Calistoga v1.003
- Respaced and refined the design
- Added Glyphs to upport more langauges
- Added OpenType features: Ordinals, some fractions, some superiors and standard ligatures.
- Mastered typeface to TTF and OTF
- Hinted TTFs with TTFA 1.03

10 January 2013 (Eben Sorkin) Calistoga v1.002
- Added limited OpenType features for liga (ff fi etc) 
ordinals and fractions
- Removed custom Cmap and excess OpenType tables
- Mastered typeface to TTF and OTF

10 September 2012 (Eben Sorkin) Calistoga v1.001
- Mastered Font from Fontlab VBF to TTF
- Added true type hinting using TTF Autohint version 0.92

28 August 2012 (Yvonne Schüttler) Calistoga v1.000
- Completed first complete version of Calistoga in Fontlab ( VBF format )

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), email (E), web-address
(if you have one) (W) and description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Yvonne Schüttler
E: ysch@mac.com
W: www.ysch.de
D: Designer

N: Eben Sorkin
E: sorkineben@gmail.com
W: www.sorkintype.com
D: Spacing and Mastering
